I order 3 of them and one of the item is bad quality. Is missing backup spring so I have to put a pcs of aluminum to make the battery work.
Bulk is always the less expensive way to go for products like these
Well they are not Duracell but for the price i am happy.
Seem to work as well as name brand batteries at a much better price
These batteries are very long lasting the price is great.
Bought a lot of batteries for Christmas and the AmazonBasics Cell have been good. I haven't noticed a difference between the brand name batteries and the Amazon Basic brand. Just a lot easier to purchase and have arrive at the house and have on hand. Will buy again.
ive not had any problame with these batteries have ordered them in the past been very pleased.
Well if you are looking for cheap non-rechargeable batteries that last quite a while then these are perfect. Nothing more to say.
"These do not hold the amount of high power juice like energizer or duracell, but they are half the price."
AmazonBasics AA AAA batteries have done well by me appear to have a good shelf life. I'll buy them again.
I find amazon basics batteries to be equal if not superior to name brand ones. Can't believe I didn't start buying them sooner! The packages are large and the price is great too.
"When I first started getting the Amazon basic batteries I really liked them. With recent purchases, they do not seem to last like they had, or maybe a mixed-bag (inconsistent with some lasting better than others). I have not done any tests, but feel some other brands may last longer. However, the price is hard to beat."
"Use it for my fish tank's light at night and works great, I love how you can easily switch it off and on if you want it on while guests are there."
"just got em so I can't really comment on how good the do the job, good price, quick delivery but have only put two into one of my keyboards but they can go up to a year so who can say after three days"
we have many things that need aa battery they are great
Thankful that I was able to find on Amazon for a great price and even better shipping. Arrived in perfect condition and did exactly what I needed it to. Great purchase and would purchase again.
I don't know if I would buy thus brand again seems like they don't last as long as Duracell
"In my opinion these did not last anywhere near as long as Duracel in things like LED candles (which is crazy) and trail cameras. Cameras were not exposed to cold temps more or less than other batteries. WE buy in bulk for the north house. Amazon Basics is great for things like sheets and beeding and towels. In my opinion the battery life, in the large package of aaa and aa size we purchased were lacking."
They don't last as long as the brand name but are good enough considering they are much cheaper.
Bought these batteries for my Christmas gifts the month of (december) only lasted like 2months toys now need replacement batteries . I also used some for my doorbell and just now needs replacement batteries. Tv Remote control is still working but these batteries don't last very long...
This my second order and they seem to work as good as name brand and ship to my door.
This was my second purchase of amazon batteries and they work great. Just as good or even better than name brand batteries and half the price. This will be the only way I purchase batteries from now on!
They last as long as Duracell batteries in my Xbox one controllers and none of them exploded like some of the reviews said.
they seemed to not last as long as other name brand names disappointed!
These do not last long at all very cheap batteries no happy
have not used yet but a battery is a battery good price
"These Amazon batteries did the job although I gave 4star only because I had a few I would say a hand full of batteries that were not as strong or were pretty weak but out of a box of 48 batteries, I will definitely buy again for this priceIm pretty well satisfied.Thank you!"
We've ordered these a few times cause we've been so happy with product. These are good quality. We are also happy with price. I would recommend these.
HAVE NOT HAD CHANCE TO USE ALL OF THEM BUT HOPEFULLY ALL OF THEM WILL REMAIN IN GOOD ORDER FOR A REASONABLE AMOUNT OF TIME MEANING A FEW YEARS OUT.
"these were under a light we thought they were there to fit the light when they arrived and nice company they were not the batteries we needed it should have been aa but that is ok,it was our fault not knowing this. thanks.."
"I use these batteries in my game cameras and they work great, last several weeks."
Very convenient to have a box of batteries and at a good price. No longer need to compare pricing in stores. Should have done this long time ago.
Not much to say about batteries except they work for a good price. Having a hundred let's me share with kids and grand kids.
They seem to work okay so far and the price was great.
I use them for my Xbox controllers and they last pretty long. Great for a cheap price.
Seem to hold up as well as any name brand and at a much better price
Works just as well as every other brand of battery with a better price. Powers all of my sons toys for months at a time.
Just got them so i really wont kno for a few eeeks or so how good these batteries are
These last as well as Energizer- half the price.
"These batteries are horrible. We depend on AA batteries for many wireless microphone and have found that brand-name batteries last about a month per our usage. We switched to Amazon basics to try it out when a subscription for our preferred brand was no longer available and have found that, under the same usage, these batteries last about a week. That's a 1/4 capacity."
"3rd purchase of these AA from Amazon, all have expiration of 2027. Ones I've used thus far last as Long as name brands"
I am 100 satisfied with my purchase of these batteries
"I put these batteries in 10 of the 12 window candles that I bought - I put my last 2 Duracell in the other 2. The Amazon Batteries lasted for about 10 days and the Duracell lasted for 12. Since then I've experimented to see if this is consistent . It is, the Duracell last an average of 17 longer."
"First time I bought these they worked well and lasted almost as long as the name brands. Not the same this time around, almost no charge - 4-6 hours of run time - Junk batteries."
Seem to work very well at a great price.
These batteries don't last even in a simple digital clock. 2 weeks at best.
"I buy AAA and AA batteries about 4 - 6 times a year. I made the switch to Amazon batteries about 2 years ago and never looked back. These batteries work just as well as any of the name brands, but at a much more reasonable cost."
"Date on the back of these were 1992. Yeah, 1992. Inedible."
"GOT THE 48 PACK, I USEDD THEM UP FASTER THAN I THOUGHT I WOULD!!,SO IM ORDERING MORE !! SO IM ORDERING MORE NOW"
The 48 packs are the lowest price per AA battery you will find anywhere. I have a device I use for work that needs 8 new AA batteries every working day. These batteries get me through a 12 hour day the same as the expensive batteries. I could switch to rechargeable batteries but the simplicity of just putting in new batteries and not fooling with recharging every night is worth it to me.
I definitely love the price and quantity.. My kids go tthrough them to fast. At least these will last a while..
They worked and great price.
Batteries. Standard AA kind. We use them everyday. They power many things and these work as good or better than any others.
Excellent performance and better price.
"Arrived earlier than expected. Amazon batteries are not only affordable, but have a long life."
Excellent
Great product!
They're batteries!
LOVE THESE BATTERIES! BETTER THAN DURACELL AND SAVES ME MONEY! THANK YOU FOR A GREAT PRODUCT AMAZON!
"Amazon you rock! These work better than name brand batteries and cost nothing. Have the same nice feel of expensive batteries too. Perfect in my opinion, will re purchase!"
Amazing so far. These AAA's are even more affordable than the brands at WalMart. Will update if they end up not being good.
works great
I am happy to report that this order is working fine with no issues. I am very satisfied with this order and plan to buy again from same seller. Thank you. Jn
"AmazonBasics batteries are quite good in terms of capacity -- pretty much tied for the top spot compared to the other 6 brands I've tested, but other brands have the edge in capacity per dollar. When I computed value by dividing capacity by the cost per battery of the cheapest package size, they took a respectable third place, and they have the advantage of being a trusted name compared to the value leader. In the images I have attached a graph and a table summarizing my test results for the 7 types I've tested, but if you'd like to know more about how I test ... on to the in-dept test review.I've been on a bit of a quest to test all of the top-selling aaa batteries on Amazon in a repeatable, precise way. This means the same equipment, same environmental conditions, and same slots in the equipment will be used for each test. For each test, I fully discharge 3 batteries in my Opus BT-C2000 battery analyzer at rates of 100 ma, 200 ma, and 400 ma (discharge rate affects usable capacity). I have also performed this exact same test (same equipment, same conditions) on the ACDelco, Duracell Procell, Duracell Coppertop, Energizer MAX, Maxell, and Rayovac. I have linked the other brands I've reviewed at the end of this review if you'd like to take a look at the other results for comparison purposes. For the Amazon Basics batteries, the capacity at each discharge rate was:Disch Rt Capacity Runtime Sample use case100 mA 997 mAh 10 hrs Low-power LED flashlight200 mA 914 mAh 4.5 hrs Electronic toy / medium LED flashlight400 mA 623 mAh 1.5 hrs Motorized toy / bright LED flashlightNote that these (and all other Alkalines) would achieve somewhat higher capacity (maybe 1200 mAh) in a low discharge application like a mouse, keyboard, remote control, etc because alkaline batteries have internal resistance that reduces usable capacity at high discharge rates.The capacity of these batteries is among the best I've tested -- take a look at the attached data table for comparative data. For the cost (0.31/ea in a 36 pack right now), these are a decent but beatable value -- the power supplied per dollar spent is very good, but eclipsed by other currently available options.Comparison:These batteries do well capacity-wise, but value-wise are blown away by the currently cheapest energy/dollar battery that I've tested, the ACDelco aaa's. Their capacity results were:Disch Rt Capacity Runtime100 mA 1005 mAh 10 hrs200 mA 864 mAh 4.3 hrs400 mA 670 mAh 1.7 hrsAs you can see, the Amazon batteries were very comperable ... but, at the current time the AmazonBasics batteries are 0.31/ea (36 pack), while the ACDelco batteries are about 0.21/ea (48 pack) -- so the ACDelco are significantly cheaper per mAh. I did not test shelf life, so it's possible that these may hold up better sitting in a drawer. Although both the Amazon batteries and the ACDelco batteries are certainly made on contract by a third party, I do think that I trust Amazon a bit more to provide consistent batteries than ACDelco ... although I haven't had any trouble with my ACDelco batteries so far. It's also worth noting that the Amazon batteries come in clearly superior packaging - while the ACDelco batteries come in a horrible gigantic plastic blister pack, the Amazon batteries come in a closable cardboard box. If you don't go through a lot of batteries organization of your battery drawer is important to you, that could push them into the all-around winner category despite the 50 price premium.Finally, because another review specifically mentions the Rayovac AA's as being 'good' in some usage scenarios, I thought I'd share my findings for the Rayovac AAA's. In short, they're garbage - the Amazon batteries are better in EVERY case. It's possible that the Rayovac AA's are much better than the AAA's, but I think it's more likely that the version of the Rayovacs tested by the website that he got his results from is different than the most popular Rayovac on Amazon (I source all of my batteries from Amazon). I ran the Rayovac test several times because I couldn't believe how poorly they did ... here are some typical Rayovac results:Disch Rt Capacity Runtime100 mA 908 mAh 9 hrs200 mA 590 mAh 2.9 hrs400 mA 443 mAh 1.1 hrsMy other battery tests/reviews:I have posted reviews for Duracell Coppertop, Duracell Procell and ACDelco aaa alkaline batteries with capacity data gathered using the exact same method and equipment. To find those reviews for comparison purposes, go to the product pages linked below and search for 'mah' under 'all reviews' (or just browse to them on my profile). If/when I do additional aaa tests/reviews in the future, I will update this list.ACDelco AAA Super Alkaline BatteriesDuracell AAA Batteries Coppertop MN2400 - 20 PackDuracell Procell AAA Batteries PC2400BKD09Energizer MAX AAA BatteriesMaxell Alkaline Battery AAA CellRayovac Alkaline AAA Batteries"
Battery storage life only lasted 8 months (stored indoors).
A good bang for your buck!! Almost everything now a days uses batteries.
"If it's possible to have gotten a dud batch I sure got it. We BLEW through all these batteries in less than a month. My kids toys aren't that super powered and even in remotes I was having to change batteries way too often. For example the magic touch counting toy, the store batteries lasted 3 years. Popped in some Amazon batteries, 1 month and the second child didn't play with it nearly as much as the first. For the price it was worth the try but I'm going back to the other brands."
NICE PRODUCT
Great basic batteries! Fantastic price. I like having a stockpile. When my kids get toys at Christmas I feel like Oprah. YOU get a battery! and YOU get a battery!...
"Some day we will probably look back and chuckle about 'primitive' batteries like these. But not yet. They are an integral part of our daily lives. We need food, drink, shelter, love, and BATTERIES! You can't beat the price/quality combination."
A battery is a battery these work just as good if not better than the name brands like Duracell or Enginzer
"I like to have a good stock of batteries in my home. I am a repeat purchaser of these and other sizes. So far no performance issues. Lasts like Duracell. They might consider improving the graphics though, not very exciting to look at."
These worked out great for his battery powered cars I got him. What a awesome deal.
"I used to buy batteries from Costco which come under Kirkland brand. I thought of testing Amazon Basics based on my experience of other Amazon Basics products in the past. These batteries are way better than Kirkland, Energizer and Duracell. The cost is nicely placed. Now my kids have more time to play with toys before the need to replace the batteries. A clear thumbs up!"
Sorry to say I've been disappointed with these. They didn't last as long in my remotes and RC transmitters as even other store brand alkaline batteries.
Got it and it's already in use.
Never purchased these before ... Work well so far
lasts just as long as duracell
I bought the smaller pack last time and didn't realize how quickly it runs out. Very happy with this amount of batteries.
Like that I can buy these online and in bulk. Have ordered them several times. A good buy
What can I say Thes batteries work as xpected.
This large pack of batteries is a cheap alternative to buying other brand names and are particularly useful for gaming. The battery life is every bit as good as the brand name batteries as well. I use these batteries for frequent gaming to power my controller and headset.
Good deal for rechargeable. They all work and seem to preform well.
Good batteries at a good price
They seem to have some good staying power and are cheaper than most other brands. I highly recommend as this box lasts quite a few months with the kids mainly using these for xbox controllers.
These batteries are a good value and work well. I have used them in the past and would recommend them to all.
A friend advised me to buy my batteries from Amazon. Her family swears by them. I am now using them and agree they are a good buy for the money and I am not worried about running out of batteries or running out to have to buy them.
"Batteries are pretty much of a commodity as long as they do what they're supposed to do, so I ordered these based on their price -- much cheaper than what you can buy in a store. And these batteries seem to last as long as any of the name brands. A good value."
These Amazon batteries seem like a good value.
Everyone needs AA batteries. These are fine and a great price!
"so many batteries, so little money. A great deal"
Works great for everyday AA battery needs
"I got tired of running back and forth to the local store to buy a small package of batteries therefore, I decided to order these since the cost for all of these batteries were approximately the same cost for 6 batteries in a pack. The price was right and the batteries are working very well. This is really a bargain."
"Great buy for the money - these batteries work very well. I've gotten them in the past. The best part is that they are so inexpensive that you can run through them, and not feel like you're running through your bank account!"
"A great deal, and the batteries have a good life to them. I will buy again when I start running low."
"All I buy now is AmazonBasics when it comes to batteries. They are long lasting and a great price. I have tried the AA, AAA, and 9-volt. As a cheap shopper, I am pleased with their performance and price."
"Between LeapPads, Xbox controllers and remotes, we use batteries a lot. These have held up great with a comparable lifespan to other household brands."
I buy all my batteries here. Great long lasting batteries.
"You know those crazy cheap batteries that are so light you practically hit yourself in the face when you pick one up These aren't those.I've already purchased a couple sets of these and have been really happy with the quality/lifespan. I'd say they're DEFINTELY comparable to the more expensive name brands. I've happily recommended them to friends and family, and it's so handy always having plenty of AA batteries, especially around birthdays and holidays!"
My PS3 remote control and my television remote controls work again thanks to these AAA batteries.
"As a teacher, I need tons of batteries, but I refused to spend excessive amounts on them, so I figured this was the best option! They are long-lasting, worth the money, cute (if that even matters, lol)! You won't find a deal like this in stores!I highly recommend!"
"Ive been buying these since they started selling them. The last batch, I had one that leaked. It was in a rather expensive candle, so a heads up for those using this battery to check once in a while. Ive never had this happen before. It turned all brown on one side and could have ruined my candle if I didnt clean it out real good. The battery was only week old, used infrequently in an air conditioned home. I will still continue to buy these."
"I can only use these on those indoor flameless candles and even then, they dont last very long...a little disappointed..."
"Lieutenant Dan got me these batteries. So then I got a call from him, saying we dont have to worry about batteries no more. And I said, thats good! One less thing. -Forrest"
"A lot of batteries for the money. So far, all working well."
Great Batteries
I happen to have remote controls in our house and this item certainly is a must in my living room.
"You know you need them, so why not get a bunch. I'm the battery guy for the kids toys, so I have to keep them on hand at all times!"
"Worked exactly as they are supposed to, good price, good quality. lasting a nice long time, A good buy."
"This is a great purchase. My outdoor cameras on my house them. Compared to the leading namebrands, I find these to last longer. I am getting four months per pair of batteries instead of three months with my surveillance cameras."
"I've been buying AAA alkaline batteries in packages of four at the dollar store and thought I was getting a pretty good deal on the price, but it bothered me to have to throw away so much packaging every time I needed four batteries. Then I was checking out a fellow reviewer's profile and found a review of the AmazonBasics AAA batteries. He (or she, I can't remember) claimed these work as well or better than name brands and are even less expensive than the dollar store deals and with much less waste in the packaging.So I ordered some and his advice was right on the money. I've used them (so far) in small flashlights and in one of my TENS machines. Great performance. The price (which seems to fluctuate) is less than I was paying locally. Best of all, you get 36 batteries in a tiny cardboard box that measures 4 1/4 x 2 1/4 x 2 1/4. There are 9 sealed packages of 4 batteries each, but there's much less waste in the packaging. Amazon claims 10-year, no-leak shelf life for them, but even I use batteries faster than that.I think this is a great product at a great price and I love the packaging. Glad I stumbled onto them."
"Thats a whole lot of batteries! I ordered the 48 pack of AA batteries and its so much cheaper than a much smaller branded pack from the big chain stores. They arrived packaged well and wrapped nicely, see included pictures for details. I like to keep extra batteries around because most new electronics do not have included batteries these days. I hate getting a device in the mail and scavenging the house for batteries or stealing them from the remote controls. At this price, we can all afford to keep a bunch on hand. Ive tested these on several devices so far and they appear to be comparable to brand name batteries, they last a long time and bring all my electronics to life with renewed vigor. I'll definitely be buying more in the future."
"of course these are no energizer bunny batteries, but for the price and amount you get, you cant beat it! They come in individual packs of 4, inside a white box to keep them in. I would recommend it"
"A good deal, well packed in reusable package"
During my first recharging they were leaking and wrapping was coming off. A waste of money
TERRIBLE! Barely lasted three hours during a digital camera shoot where Duracell lasts multiple days.
I bought these batteries to use with a battery operated pump that transfers gas from a gas can into the tank of my riding mower. This is a far better way of fueling my mower than trying to lift a five gallon tank and trying to empty it into the mower tank. The pump uses 4 AA batteries and that is the way the Amazon batteries are packaged. Having them bundled in foursomes is convenient. My pump runs perfectly with these batteries.These batteries are said to have a shelf life of ten years so I won't be having to buy more AA batteries for at least that long. The price of these batteries is a genuine bargain and is it highly recommended to get this offer if AA batteries are needed.
Seem to work fone for a fraction of the price!
Good price. Good product
Great battery just as good as the name brands.
Great value
Perfect and what a deal - very pleased!
The batteries works very well. Great quality. You can't beat the price
These batteries are as good or better than any brand of alkaline battery on the market today.
Great value!
Greaatttt deal. This probably the only way I'll be buying batteries at a good price too.
Works just as well as any other battery brand we have bought!
A+A+A+A+A+ FAST DELIVERY JUST AS DESCRIBE
Good price
"They are batteries, they worked, enough said....."
A great deal for the price. Let's hope these alkaline last longer.
These batteries are as good as other brands and a bargain to boot.
AA batteries are replacements and have worked well so far
AA batteries worked as advertised.
Awesome buy. Very happy with these. This is my second order of these batteries. Will continue to purchase when needed.
awesome so far no duds
Came fast. Great price. Seems to last as long as expensive batteries.
"Good price, fast shipping, Will shop again."
Good value. As good as Duracell
Great Quality ...Excellant Price
"High quality. great value, as advertised, trusted company.. Will definitely buy again and tell others.You will be pleased."
I bought this for a friend.
Never can have too many.
"So far I have had no complaints with these batteries. I was hesitate at first because they were cheaper than your big name brands. I figured they may not last long. But I was proven wrong. They have lasted just as long as the big name brands, and they are a lot cheaper. I buy these for work and for home. They do not disappoint me at either place."
These Amazon AA batteries are great. They are just as good as any high priced battery.
"Yes, I'm using these and they are as good as any other battery."
Good price and good product.
I was very impressed with the packaging of these batteries. They work as well as any of the top commercial AA batteries. I will keep them handy for any future use.
Another great offer from Amazon that delivers perfarmance and price for your electronic agenda 1
"These batteries are exactly what I was looking for. I was looking for affordable AA batteries with a long shelf life that I could keep around for an emergency or extended power outage. These Amazon alkaline batteries are advertised as having 10 years shelf life, and after receiving them I confirmed that on each battery is printed the expiration year 2025, which is what I expected having bought them in 2015.Now I won't have to by ordinary batteries that end up discharging internally in just a few years. The environment and my pocket are grateful. Thanks Amazon!"
"Great deal, better than local stores"
Last just as long as other less expensive brands.
"I purchased these to compare against the Duracell's I normally buy. These appear to be an excellent value, but only time will tell. Currently I am using them along with the Duracell's in some fake candle lights that my wife has to see if they last as long as the Duracell's. So far so good."
These are really good batts and a great price.
AA batteries worked perfectly out of the box!
Works good so far. Time will tell the true story. Great price!
They are batteries...what can I say!
"Excellent batteries and it's a better value than buying the batteries in smaller packs. Amazon's batteries are just as good as other manufacturers. With the subscribe and save, it's even a better deal."
So far the batch is worth it. The batteries are solid and work well. When they are on sale they are worth the buy.I recommend and would buy again.
AA! Would buy again!
They work!
they work. good price. as expected
A wonderful way to purchase these.
work great
"As advertised, I have not had any problems."
As expected. Like the box they came in.
Good value for the money Will order again
great batteries
Great price!
I find these packs of batteries are less expensive and I always have some available - no running to the store for a battery
Needed some more batteries for the home and these were reasonably priced. Have been using for a week and so far they are working well.
These work just fine and were purchased at a good price.
Very nice packaging. Good batteries.
We'll See how they last.
Batteries. AAA. They fit and work in objects requiring AAA batteries.*Not for internal consumption.
These don't last long at all.
AAA batteries. They last adequately and are at a very competitive price point. For that reason I don't think I will be buying batteries from any competitor if they're more expensive than these. Bravo Amazon.
Love these batteries. They last just as long as the top name brand battery for a fraction of the price. Look no further. Check out the discharge and compare. They are solid!
"I have been using these batteries for some time now and they seem to be holding up as well or better than any name brand I have used in the past. The price, packaging and shelf life make Amazon batteries a winner."
No troubles
"Use these in a wireless BT mouse. Has about 30 less life as copper top brand. Good price, but most likely will not buy again."
Great product and u can't beat this price anywhere
You can never have too many batteries. Fair price and and lasts as long as the bunny ones.
"Lasted about a week in my electric toothbrush. Energizer and Duracell brand lasted a month. Tried with 4 different Amazon batteries, same results. Very dissatisfied"
Good less expensive bulk pack. Great alternative for toys and games that seem to eat batteries and won't break the bank. Seem to work well enough and rival the name brands. Will buy again.
You get what you pay for in life bht for the lrice and amount these are actually great one say or two days of strong power for flashlights or wireless headphones etc. For remotes theyblast for quite a while. Package was nice fast delivery thunking of actually buying different sizes for other electronics ...would definitly order again ...kinda like gas not premium or regular something like a plus ....lol i have tried all those other expensive brands thats supposed to last 10x more longer well by the time you pay for one pack and get maybe a months wirth depending on usage you could have a 100 of these and still have left over......just saying your not buying tires or brakes for your car so test them out they sell it in smaller amounts and subscdiption amount etc....
For most applications they seem to do a decent job. Have used them for about 3 years.
"They didn't last very long in my cheap camera. With them not being lithium I didn't expect them to last forever, but I should of gotten more then a days use out of them. In my Xbox controller they lasted an adequate amount of time. So all in all these definitely aren't for heavy use and the price point reflects that."
Adequate performance. I just pulled 16 batteries from four night lights. Half of these were the AmazonBasics AA batteries. Not surprising until I tell you that that AmazonBasics batteries were the last to be installed and the other half were installed long before the AmazonBasics. I don't think I'll buy these again.
Nice price for a bunch of batteries.
"AAA batteries - lots of them, at an affordable price. What's not to like"
Work better than the Kodak batteries that I had previously
"I have 2 kids, and they have a lot of battery powered toys. We tried rechargeable batteries, and they didn't hold up like I was hoping. These batteries are more affordable than brands at the store, and I can't tell a difference in performance."
Great deal. They are what they are but seem to hold life pretty well. Will definitely buy again when I need to restock.
This is an affordable set of rechargable Alkaline batteries.
"They are very affordable batteries. I have not run any specific testing, but so far, they have performed well, and appear to give good battery life."
I didn't know Amazon makes batteries at a very affordable amount. Now i know where to purchase batteries.
Affordable. Long lasting battery life.
Mediocre performance
like it for the money
These are alright batteries works well on remotes and other little gadgets. I just like my energize battery or the copper top battery myself but my husband got these for the smaller items around here.
These batteries are very durable. AmazonBasics did very well on this product.
GOOD ALKALINE BATTERIES. AREN'T ALL ALKALINE THE SAME ADVERTISING STEERS SOME PEOPLE.
"We use battery operated candles with timers. The batteries normally have to be changed once a month. These cheap batteries lasted 2 weeks. I thought these batteries were a good deal, but I was wrong."
All the batteries came dead so I did a return and got new ones. Second order was the same as the first.Update: still have yet to receive refund from second order after several weeks!!!
Work well at a lower price. All is good.
all dead
"a couple of low juice ones, but I bought a charger and all is good"
"Maybe mine is a bad batch, had a serious leak on one of them, these batteries seem to last as long as duracells but duracells never leaked in my experience"
Always a good buy!
Always a good deal
"Just as good as name brands, lasts longer and no mercury."
With all the electronics in the house we go through abundance of batteries a month. This is a great deal and they seem to last quite a long time!Have mine set up to be shipped every month definitely the best way to go!
Damn that's a lot of batteries!
"Amazing product, love it. Used it first thing"
"Love these, never had any problems and you can not beet the price! I not only buy them for home but also for my job."
These are great. How is Duracell still in business
"Using in my Xbox One controller. Battery life is on-par w/ Energizer and Duracell, and like a zillion times cheaper."
Amazing and affordable.
I don't think I'll ever buy duracell again
"Amazing deal on these batteries! We have six kids so we are always needing batteries for something - whether it be a game, or a computer mouse, or whatever ... we always need a good stock of batteries. As far as holding up and doing the job, they seem to be doing great! I will update if I find any problems. So far, so good. Will need to buy more once Christmas gets closer."
"AMAZING DEAL!!!So many batteries for an amazing price!!! In the stores, you get half the amount of batteries for double the price.100 will re buy.work great. FAST SHIPPING TO! (ONLY TOOK A DAY)"
I have truly been converted form any other battery brand to using AmazonBasics! Very happy with the life of these batteries!
Great batteries at a fantastic price. Don't buy your batteries from Wal-Mart when you can get more than twice as many for a cheaper price on Amazon.
"really amazing price and really great product. From my experience, Amazon products are pretty good quality. I will be buying this over and over again."
"Such a steal for so many batteries. Not only are there a ton of them, they last for a long time. A loooooong time. My rechargeable AA for my gaming mouse usually hardly makes it past a couple of days with my usage. I haven't had to change one of these yet and it's been weeks. More than satisfied."
"This batteries were dirt cheap, way cheaper than buying batteries in the store. They arrived in a nice, compact cardboard box and they last a long time. You will not be disappointed because these are not cheap knock-off black label batteries."
Great product! Affordable and reliable!
"These are an amazing product for the price. We use a battery operated sound machine for our son to sleep to, and these work just as long as the Duracell batteries we were originally using and I love that they come in 4 packs within the box, which is extremely convenient so we don't have batteries floating around once they fall out of the box."
Tons of batteries for the lowest price I've found. Superb product by amazon.
"I bought this for my dad, I buy Anker for all my cable and power needs, and once again, they did not disappoint. This is a must buy!!!!"
"You put these little cylinders in stuff and it makes them work -- flashlights, remotes, kitchen scales, clocks."
You can always use batteries. I used these before and they seem to last pretty well.
Great batteries.
"Iv'e got these batts in a bunch of holiday candles. Going strong. Great price. If they poop out early, I'll update this post."
These have tested ok so far.
"Good buy on batteries,long life."
Great price and solid performer!
Good batteries. All fit in the uxcelPlastic case for AAA batteries...
"Amazon Basic Batteries are the best, I buy them in all varieties."
You have to love AmazonBasic products. These batteries are first class and an excellent value.
Not the first time I have bought Amazon Basic products and won't be the last. From my experience these products do just as well as any name brand product but with less experience. Love the packaging these batteries came in and so far from what I can tell work like a charm. Put them in a couple of my gadgets and worked perfectly. The way we go through batteries the cost savings is well worth it.
Amazon Basics AA Performance Alkaline Batteries... Great prize so far no problems with them.
Great batteries at a good price!
Excellent product!
Prior reviews were very good on these batteries so we thought we would give them a try. So far so good! All are still working as described . Will change review should we need to- but now highly satisfied .
"Great batteries. They perform well, definitely not cheap batteries. I will probably purchase more as the price is just right and you get about 20."
"They are batteries, they work and they last...What else"
I've never had a problem with any of Amazons stuff. I actually prefer it over namebrand because of the cost-effectiveness if it's not something that's going to show and look tacky I could care less... batteries are one of them
"These are decent but I find they last about 20 less than Duracell batteries, but considering the cost difference they are actually worth it."
"Amazon basics batteries are just as good as the name brands from my experience. Well packaged in easy open box, whivh I appreciate since I have arthritis. Box is small enough to keep the rest of the batteries from getting all over and easy to find when replacement is needed. A"
Great battery deal! I have now used 6 batteries and have not noticed any difference between power length compared to duracell or energizer. They last just as long and work fine. I am now buying these because of cost savings.
I started buying these large packs of Amazon batteries because of the great value and previous experience with Amazon Basic products. These batteries seem to work as well as my Energizers and Duracells at a fraction of the cost. I will be buying more AA and AAA when I run low. That should take a while with this large pack.
Work great and are a great price. Can't beat that! These seem to be on par with low to mid tier brand battery live so can't complain.
These are quality batteries...just as good as major brand names. Can't beat the price. Thank you.
"So far, these hold up really well. For the price, they are simply unbeatable. They come packaged in a small, generic box. I've now tried 4 AmazonBasics products, and I haven't got a complaint about any so far. Amazon seems to not only want to make cheap products, but they also don't seem to want to get complaints and returns as well. Who has time for all of the mess So, do it right the first time, and see what happens.Thanks for another great product!*If my review was helpful in any way, please click the little YES button. If not, just laugh and move on."
Batteries that get the job done. Cool packaging. Amazon claims another industry.
Nice. Great for the price.
These batteries seem to last as long as the more expensive gold/black batteries. All of the Amazon Basics items we have bought have been of excellent quality.
"I like the Amazon line of Basics. Nothing fancy, they just work."
"This is a great buy and last along time, Amazon Basics is great ."
"I don't know what you expect to read here. Some elaborate review about how these batteries are amazing from the packaging to the ease of installation etc No, they are AS A batteries that are cost effective and do their job properly. No.magic smoke yet so can't complain. 10/10"
Batteries don't last very long compared to Duracell or Energizer
Don't waste your coin of the expensive store brands. These work great.
I always try to buy Amazon rechargeable batteries. Good price and lasts a long time between charges. Saves a bit of the environment compared to disposable ones.
OK
Quite a bargain.
Works great and holds chaege as well as and battery I have had
"First time I've used these batteries, so far so good!"
"Great price, and I'm very pleased with performance."
I love these batteries. Affordable and have worked well in all our game console controllers and kids toys that are frequently used!
Great batteries for the money
"My 37 days old Amazon fire stick quit working, the system was fine it just seemed like the remote wasn't getting any juice. Tried 3 different sets of these batteries in it and it still wouldn't work-and yes, I put them in the right way. Contacted Amazon about the limited warranty on remote as it was just past 30 days purchased and couldn't return, but before sending back for warranty service and being without TV for who knows how long and just to make sure, I bought some energizer batteries. Wouldn't you know it, the remote fired right back up. Can't trust these batteries."
"I use hundreds of AAAs annually, and despite the graphics in ad, these are about the poorest performing, with least longevity, of any I have bought. Still have another 100 of these, but will likely go thru those quickly."
I'll never buy another brand again. Amazon batteries last! Quality and affordable!
What else can you say Amazon ROCKS and so do their batteries!!!
GREAT!
HOPE THEY WORK!
"First of all- buying batteries is never fun . It's also quite expensive. I fell in love with the fact , I could buy these Amazon branded batteries through prime and get them in two days .But guess what. I got them in 1 day!!! Plus , I stocked up for all those dang Christmas toys for my triplets. If I buy one, I have to buy three!!!!They lasted just as long as a standard battery . Plus , I love that they come in a nice cardboard sleeve. Rather than the ones at the store where they all fall out when you rip the plastic from the cardboard.To wrap up- these were very impressive."
These work great. I primarily use them in my xbox 36 controller and they last as long if not longer than any other brand i have used. I highly recommend them.
"good price, worked fine"
Cheep and effective these batteries compare to mainstream manufacturers without issue. The price tag is so much lower that even if you didn't like them or felt that a major manufacturer was somehow better than this you probably still wouldn't regret the purchase. They hold their charge and last just as long as anything else. Amazon Strikes again with a great product
Seems to be as good as the average battery bought in a store. Nice amount for a good price. I buy all my batteries from Amazon now
"Batteries can be expensive! However, Amazon has taken the opportunity to sell a good quality product. There are plenty of batteries for the cost, and in these times of uncertainty we need to be prepared for our family. During times of power outage batteries are so comforting because they allow us to maintain a sense comfort. They also sell these in triple a, c, and d. The price is good compared to other brands, and the quality of Amazon is backing the product. Safe and good buy for any consumer."
Great for the price and last long
stronger than duracell and so much cheaper. amazon keep up the great work
Does not last as long as Duracell quantum. These were sent as a supplement
"These are budget friendly but don't last! I bought for my battery operated candles that typically use batteries for 6-8 weeks. Twice these batteries barely lasted 1 week. It was so disappointing. Amazon produce are usually so good, but I would not recommend these."
Great value
"Batteries were inexpensive, work well in multiple devices.I hate running out of triple A batteries!"
Perfectly sent perfectly usable
Amazon batteries over good performance at a great price. Nice option to replace more expensive name brand batteries.
They're batteries. Significantly more cost effective than Duracel Energizer. Rated 4* because I can't yet say how they last compared to the two big brands but so far they're performing well.
Love this particular packaging arrangement. I think 48-count is the way to go in the future.
"Amazon's batteries are great. I've had no problems with them leaking or corroding. They last as long as any other AA battery I've used too.The AmazonBasics brand has been great for so many different things, and I definitely recommend these batteries."
"I just love Amazon's batteries. They last just as long as the name brand batteries, but are much less expensive."
"Great batteries. So why not 5 stars I haven't used them long enough yet to know their life expectancy, and it would have been more convenient to have the packaging to be resealable or with fewer in the same container. I ordered 20 and it came in two 10-pack sealed plastic things. Not a big deal, since I took care when opening them. All remotes and appliances that I've inserted the new batteries into are still working perfectly after a month. That's all I ask."
Not so surprised as AmazonBasics delivers excellent product. Work just like the Energizers and last as long.
"Arrived quickly,great price seem to be high quality so far"
"Everything we have around the house uses batteries, so we go through them fast. I like purchasing in bulk because I don't have to purchase them as often and they are a little cheaper that way. I was a little nervous to purchase the AmazonBasics brand, because I wanted to make sure that I purchased a quality battery. We normally purchase Duracell.I am happy to see that the quality is just as good as the other brands we've purchase and at a fraction of the cost.We will be purchasing these again in the future."
I thought I would give these AA batteries a try. I have always used Kirkland brand and never had a problem. These are a few cents cheaper. I will see how long they last compared to Kirkland brand (Costco).
Excelente puedo recomendarlo ampliamente.
"Great Price, Great product."
"Have this as a subscribe save item, so when I run out I just order more."
The juice in these batteries aren't long term.
Eight AA alkaline batteries... not too much to say: New. Shrink-wrapped. Delivered quickly safely. Work just like we need AA batteries to work.No problems here.RecommendedGo for it
"These batteries are typical alkaline batteries. I recently put them in a couple of remotes that needed batteries and these worked fine, At this point, I can not say what their longevity will be. They work well in the devices in which I placed them."
Great price! Just began using these batteries so their lasting ability is yet to be determined. DFD
Very good batteries for the price...Much better than purchasing batteries locally in a 4 pack...
I thought this was a great investment I wasn't wrong these batteries are just as good as any other. I will be ordering these again..
These were exactly as described arrived on time (or maybe earlier than the delivery date specified). They work just fine I'd buy them again. And the BIG plus is they were a LOT less expensive than buying them from a brick mortar store work just as well! No problems :)
Nice battery and price. Have not had any problem with them.
"Initial charge upon receipt was higher than the name brand batteries I usually get, I'll definitely be ordering more when these are about gone!"
I tested the lifespan of these batteries with my Wireless mouse. Lasts just as long as Duracell CopperTop AAA.
no point in spending money on brand name batteries. these are a great product at a very reasonable price. i don't buy any other brands.
The RIGHT item delivered FAST at a GOOD price. What more can you ask for They are AAA batteries work as expected.
AmazonBasics AAA Performance Alkaline Batteries (20-Pack). We subscribed to this. The batteries are holding up just as good as any other. You can't beat the price either.
Good batteries work as described
"AmazonBasics AA Alkaline batteries, are generic alkaline batteries as good as Duracel Rayovac."
"AmazonBasics has become a great brand that rivals the Energizers of the world. These batteries are an affordable price and a really high quality, especially when compared to the competition. With having a three year old, we are constantly running through batteries and it is great having these AmazonBasics type products out there to help middle income families like ours afford all the necessities that comes with having kids and just life in general (think remote control batteries)."
AmazonBasics are a tremendous deal. I bought this 36 count AAA because it cost about the same as 4 pack of name brand. If ever I give an electronic gift I include these with the gift.
I just put 4 of these in my flashlight they worked. It is too soon to see how long they will last. I have had great experience with other amazon basics products ( the wireless keyboard mouse set)So I decided to try the batteries-- so far so good
These are great batteries at a great cost. I will continue to purchase these. I replaced batteries in my outdoor solar lights and I have many and these work great. Highly recommend.
We order batteries keep them stocked at all times. We also order AAA Batteries for the same reason.
"No issues with these batteries. I've started buying all of my batteries from AmazonBasics, especially the AmazonBasics C Cell Everyday Alkaline Batteries (12-Pack) for the holidays and AmazonBasics AAA Performance Alkaline Batteries (20-Pack) for everyday items.Bottom line: I would recommend this to a friend."
These are great. I used to have to go to Costco to get the equivalent number of batteries at a discount. Now I can get these batteries in a couple of days from Amazon.
"I've been impressed with the performance and quality of AmazonBasics battery. Though the price point is pretty low, don't let that fool you - they are every bit as long-lasting and durable as the brand-named batteries on the market. In my opinion, there's no reason to spend more on a battery because of it being a name that you're familiar because I can tell you that my experience has been amazing. And honestly, I can't tell the difference between AmazonBasics batteries and other batteries that I've bought in the past that has cost me much, much more money!"
"Everything about AmazonBasics is amazing. Anything we have ever ordered that was AmazonBasics has always worked beautifully. The batteries arrived, in what would appear to be recycled packaging, which is good on them. No issue with any of the batteries we ordered, including these AA."
All Good
"Amazing Value, they shipped free on Amazon Prime and they are as good as any other."
A great price for a large amount of batteries. These last just as long as name brand batteries if not longer!
AN AMAZING PRICE FOR 48 VERY HIGH QUALITY BATTERIES. loved this pack. the batteries come in 4's in plastic inside a big box
"I'm always leery about ordering offbrand batteries, because it seems like so many of them are total garabge. But I've been really pleased with these, they are holding up as nicely as the energizers we were spending much more for! I will definitely buy these again when we run out!"
"Packaged very well,just what I wanted."
"Batteries packaged well, and are working just like any other battery"
"The only way to buy batteries. Large quantity, and great price."
"Ordering in bulk for batteries makes my life so much easier. I have kids, and they always need a battery for something! I have AAA, AA and other sizes on hand all the time, and I love never disappointing them! They have tons of battery operated toys and games and Amazon makes it so much easier than running out to the corner store and paying double!"
"I purchased this product for my own use, and Ive found it to be a great product. Size, fit, quality and the whole mess is top notch. I have to admit I was a little hesitant at first, given the price, but after opening the box I immediately realized I had made a good purchase. I can imagine using this item for a long time, and should I need another Ill likely buy one just like this."
Great batteries and even better price.
"These seem to work / last like any other quality battery. Packaged well. Great price. Thus far, every AmazonBasics product I've bought has been high in quality (and great in price). I'm expecting the same here.Keep this up, Amazon, and I'll keep coming back."
Amazon Basics comes through with yet another superb value. These work every bit as well as their Energizer and Duracell equivalents at a fraction of the price. It comes in a nice carton that is perfect for storage and can be recycled when the batteries are gone. Highly recommended!
Worked as advertised.
"use these batteries specifically for amazon devices, they give long lasting performance."
"This is like my fifth box of these batteries and they last as long if not longer than any others I've purchased, including the copper top and the bunny.All Amazon products from their basics to their electronics can't be beat. Very BIG fan of Amazon branded products. The only thing I don't buy from Amazon is perishable foods. Man would I love to see one od their food stores in Santa Fe!"
AOK
"great price, very good batteries"
AOK-AS ORDERED
"So far so good. I usually buy Duracell, but I trust amazon... sooooo I tried these. No complaints thus far"
These batteries rock. They have one of the best performance to price ratio's anywhere. We use large numbers of them to power microphone transmitter packs in our theater productions. Those are applications where they cannot fail. These outperformed the ProCells we have been using. I recently bought 900 of them for our production of the Wizard of OZ. They worked flawlessly. They are our new standard battery.
"Approximately half of the batteries I've tried so far are dead. Low expectations for the remainder of the lot, and never buy these again."
"Run of the mill batteries, for the price and convenience, especially with Prime shipping, are a good buy."
arrived and worked like a charm!!
The batteries arrived in a timely manner. I was in need of a battery for my wireless mouse and after Alexa placed y order this package arrived in record time to my door.
Product as advertised. Arrived on time and in good condition. Good value! Will buy again.
Average value in quality.
As always...reliable and well packaged.
As described
Received the batteries as they were described. So far the ones I have tried have worked great.
Batteries came exactly as described. I have only used a couple of them and they work great in the remote..Time will tell about shelf life...
AA they work
as expected
As expected.
"As expected from Amazon, there were no problems with the ordering and delivery process. So far I have installed several batteries, but it's too soon to tell how long they are going to last."
As expected. Batteries at a good price. Batteries come in a brown box. Inside the batteries are in groups of 4.
As expected. Nothing special.
GREAT VALUE
I work in an electronics lab and did a test against the big name batteries and the discharge curve and performance was exactly the same as the brand that stars with E !!! Very good value
They seem just as good as any I have bought from the store. I have used them for countless things and have had no problems. They came on time and it is great to have the convenience of delivery.
"I bought these batteries being skeptical about their price and quality - since when were store brand batteries ever really good and worth the cost Well Amazon will surprise you again with another great addition to AmazonBasics. These batteries are as good as if not better than major name brands. I have been using these batteries in devices that typical run down alkaline batteries in a couple of weeks, and so far these batteries have lasted twice as long. I have not noticed any problems or differences with these batteries, and I have yet to test them with my voltmeter for consistency however, I have noticed no issues or problems. I usually prefer to use rechargeable batteries, but these make using alkaline batteries worth it again."
"I was skeptical at first, but these AmazonBasics batteries are pretty competitive to Duracell and Energizer alkaline batteries."
The Amazon batteries seems to have an acceptably long life compared to much more expensive brand names. My one complaint is that they recently upsized the box the smaller package was much more convenient to store the batteries in.
you can't go wrong with this. quality is as good as brand name products.
as good as costco
"I love these batteries from Amazon and will continue to buy them for my controllers for gaming as they are strong enough to deal with them. I get a long life from these. As long as I do from my Duracells! I complete this review after either I or an immediate family member has tested the product thoroughly. Sometimes I have very little to say about a product if it works and it does what it is advertised. Sometimes I wax effusive, or rather poetic. Either way please be assured that we have tested the product and have been honest with you. If my review is helpful for you or makes sense, please indicate Yes below. Thank you for reading my review."
As it should be...AAA Alkaline battery. Can't beat the price and quality. Holds up well to its competitors. This is a no brainer if you like to save money.
I love Amazon basics batteries. They last a long time and are cheap. Plus the packaging is convenient.
"These work as well as any standard-type batteries on the market. They last just as long as the name brand batteries. I don't know how well they store because I have been giving a lot to kids who had inferior batteries in their handhelds. I ran out that way. They use those handhelds constantly, but they haven't had to replace any of the batteries I gave them (it's been a couple of months). Other devices have had these batteries for six months, now, and are going strong."
Great price and they seem to last as long as name brands.
These are just as good as any other battery as far as I can tell but cost far less. Great option if you use lots of batteries! Tired of the store ripping me off when I need a couple.
"Was worried these might be low quality, but they have performed about as well as premium brand batteries. Will reorder when more are needed. Can't comment on leak resistance yet, but everything else seems top notch."
"As good as the brand name batteries at considerably less cost. I have tried numerous off brand batteries in the past. None of them have ever lasted as long as the name brands, and some were almost dead right out of the box. I have found these batteries to last just as well as the name brand batteries, in both the AA and AAA sizes. I have not tried the D or C cells yet."
"Bargain of the year. Have already used a dozen for various electronic items and they are, so far, performing as well as the name brands If I find they quit too soon I will update the review"
As good or better than any major brand out there.The price is a fraction of what the major brands are.Time will tell what the durability is.This proves what a rip off battery prices are from the major brand manufacturers.
"As a Mom of 3 young kids, we go through batteries very quick! I've tried all types of batteries from name brand, to various store brands. Amazon compares to the top brands I've used, and in fact I would consider it a top brand. They last twice as long in my son's wireless PlayStation controllers than the Toys R Us brand we were previously using. You can't beat the price for the quality and I will only buy Amazon batteries from now on!"
"I have used these batteries for several years. As good, if not better than any other top name brand."
As if Amazon had to be any better at anything else. These batteries are great. I was skeptical but you can't beat the price and they last a long time. Must have if you have kids and their toys that require a lot of batteries.
Batteries kick ass. Just as good as name brand. Would purchase again!
"Price per battery is great. I checked the voltage on some of them and they were all at 1.6V. I think they will last at least as long as the brand name batteries, although I wouldn't be surprised if I were to learn they are all made by the same people and just labeled differently."
Great !!!A lot of batteries.Last long and don't leak.
Lotta batteries. at a good price.
"At least half of this batch had no charge, or at least so little that they died within an hour of being put in a walkie-talkie. Very disappointed"
Batteries work better than the ones I recharge. So I'll probably buy batteries in bulk instead of recharging from now on. I'll still need to buy rechargeables for my solar devices.
Its works perfectly for me in many of my devices. So I like this.
These were OK. I don't think I'll but them in the future. I prefer Energizers.
Last about 8 hours of non stop use which is about average. But the price was AMAZING!
"Decent battery, but seem to change them out a little bit faster than the big name batteries."
These batteries won't last long. An led flashlight will drain them in a hurry. I usually like Amazon products but this is one to avoid.
A lot of batteries for a good price! Came on time!
These batteries are a no brainer. They work great and the price can't be beat.
Awesome
"Great deal, packaging and shipped in a timely manner."
Great scotts that's a lot of batteries and definitely a life saving price
Great!
"just as expected, awesome service"
Outlast name brand batteries. This is a great product.
Works great just like the expensive brands
Yay! The best price and great quality
Love Amazon Batteries. This is the first time I have tried the Performance line. So far so Great :)
I thought theses would be crap like the typical cheapo batteries. But to my delight they are actually pretty decent quality. They do not last as long as I would like but for the price I can not complain.
"Love love these batteries, great value"
Amazon Basics - you are my hero. These are great batteries. I use them in my Apple keyboard and mouse and they have outlasted the brandname batteries I used to use. I get on average an additional 1-2 weeks of use out of each set of batteries which is an additional money saver. The shelf life seems to be normal for alkaline batteries.The packaging is biodegradable which adds to the convenience and value.
"I'm not going to go into a great deal of detail about these batteries. Other reviewers here have done a fantastic job of doing that. Instead, I'm going to talk about the quality of Amazon's Basics line of batteries and whether or not they're worth your money. My son is six years-old and owns a ton of toys that require batteries. I can say, without-a-doubt, that we have tried every brand of battery out there. Time and time again we keep coming back to the AmazonBasics AA Performance batteries. They have a long shelf life, retain their charge, and as far as I can tell they last just as long as any other battery on the market. The biggest difference is in price. Where else are you going to get 48 quality AA batteries for 11 Just buy them! You won't regret it."
"These are by far the best value for your money while getting good quality batteries! I will never purchase another brand again. Purchasing these only costs a few dollars more than a small pack of batteries at Walmart but you're getting a lot more and stocking up. I have noticed absolutely no difference between the Amazon basics and the name brands like Duracell, Energizer, etc. I highly recommend these batteries"
These are good batteries. How do I know. I installed these in my electric tooth brush 2 months ago. The brush is still buzzing my brain when I use it. No way any of the other batteries will do this. Been there done that.
"These batteries are a great deal! The price is very reasonable and the life of the batteries are just as good as any major brand. Now that I have tried these out, I will purchase the amazon brand for all my future battery needs."
"This is actually the second or third time I have ordered these and by that evidence it should be obvious that I really love the quality and value of these batteries. I have bought the crappy ones from the dollar store but they seriously don't last. Not worries with these bad boys! I don't need to replace them anymore often than the name brand . If this review helped you, click YES below. Thank you!"
I love these batteries. I am so happy that I bought them. Batteries are super expensive at my local retailer. It's sad when the batteries cost more than the thing you are putting them into. I paid about the same amount to get 48... Yes 48 AA batteries from Amazon as I would have paid to get 8 from my local retailer. I needed batteries for my new game trail camera. It takes 8 AA batteries and I was fearful that I was going to go into the poor house trying to keep fresh batteries in my trail camera. I went shopping online at Amazon and found these. I bought these several weeks ago. I used 8 AA from this box in my new trail camera. I am so happy with them. My trail camera has been in the woods several weeks and the batteries are still over 90 charged and that's after taking tons of video of game. These are working great and I saved a ton of cash. I am buying a box of the AAA now. I always seem to need them around the house for some reason. I am very happy with my new batteries from AmazonBasics. They are working great for me. I hope you found this information useful to you and thank you for reading.If you found this information helpful please click Yes on the link below. I greatly appreciate it.
Great for the price
Ordering more. What's that tell you
What a deal! Awesome now I always have plenty of batteries at home. Also this was a very good value for the money.
Love these batt's! Long life! works great in toys all other items!
Awesome for cold/iced drinks! Keeps ice cubes from melting fast. Love this product! I wish they have a set for each design though.
"They seem to be holding up just as well as the top battery brands, for a fraction of the cost! Another great product from AmazonBasics-I will be hunting for their other products now!"
"awesome price for decent batteries. they hold up fairly well, haven't run them through any rigorous tests, but when I put them in the remote control it seems to work again."
"Awesome price, awesome batteries. I will never buy batteries anywhere else again, this deal is hard to beat."
Batteries are what you expect. They work. Price is awesome
"Tried these for the first time last night. Played indoor with my wife and 12 and 6 year old daughters. Awesome time! Beats sitting around the table playing a board game. I will check back in the Spring to see if they are still working. So far, I highly recommend."
great money saver! will repurchase when i get near running out.these are great to have on hand (especially when it always seems that you need new batteries for everything at the same time).
"Awesome value for the price! I haven't had a single problem with these batteries and I've used them in remotes, cameras, toys, all kinds of stuff. I'll never buy batteries from the store again!"
Boom-Shacka-Lacka-Lacka! Great price!
Great batteries for a great price. They last just as long as the name brand batteries do.
"I've bought these before. They used to have a different design, but with the new design comes longer life! I love these, especially for the price. Definitely last as long as the name brands!"
"We love these batteries! Better pricing than the bigger brands, but work just as well and just as long! Go Amazon!"
Everything came as described and fast delivery (:
Still running strong after I had a string of battery-operated lights on for a whole week (in 8-hour shifts of darkness).
These work very well! Thank you for making a battery at a reasonable price!
Not good
"I've been using these on my roku remote and the lifespan is terrible. About two weeks, when Duracell's have been 1-2 months"
Awful poor performance. My mouse ran for several weeks to several months from Duracells but have never gotten more that several days from these. Will not buy again.
"Well, these are basic, average, ordinary non-rechargeable AA batteries. You get 100 in bundles of 4 tightly wrapped in plastic, all packaged in a plain corrugated cardboard box. The price is good. The batteries are plentiful. I've read reviewer complaints here that the battery quality is inferior, that they don't work, or explode, or ooze, or don't last very long. I can't tell you about this. I don't have a battery tester and nor do I have the ambition to set up a test involving these vs. some top brands to see which work better and last longer.Don't try to charge them (duh!) and just use them. I'm not a big user of AA batteries and now that the World As I Knew It is coming to an end, there will probably be plenty of these still in my house when that end arrives."
These batteries do not hold charge well. By the time I need to use it few weeks none of them work
"BAD BATCH NOT LASTING!Have been using these for the Roku Remote, and they are dying after just a few days of use.Have been happy with Amazon battery purchases in the past.Not sure if the quality is overall lower than it once was, or if this was just a bad batch."
They for really fast
Some of the four packs (02-2027) are bad upon first use.
Theses did not work. Wanted to make sure I had batteries for the item I was purchasing but they did not work. I had to dig some out of my junk drawer.
Wrong item.
"They last a day in an xbox controller, if you're lucky"
Many of the batteries are no good.
Wish I didn't buy these. Amazon does a lot of things well but batteries No. Not so much. These do not work for more than a moment. Lay the extra for name brand.
"For the price a great value, will never buy another overpriced brand name battery again."
"Terrible. Just changed the batteries on my wireless keyboard... yesterday. Already dead. Put another set in low powered christmas lights. Dead in about an hour. (I have another identical christmas light set, powered by Energizer batteries. Still going after many many days of running).Unfortunately bought the 48 pack. Won't make this mistake again."
"Fantastic bargain and holding up well months later. I go through a lot of batteries, like almost everyone nowadays. So I searched for a better deal. I think I found it here. A big savings over grocery store batteries."
Good price and good batteries.
"Great deal. I go through these like water through a sieve. USB mouse, flashlights, etc."
Works great and seems to last as long as my other batteries.
A lot of batteries for a little money. What more could you want
"good bargain. haven't had them long enough to determine life, but so far so good!"
Great bargain.
I more than recommend this purchase. I encourage it. The batteries work great. A bargain at the price and how many you get. I won't be buying batteries anywhere else again.
Good batteries at a good price. They do the job. I've moved almost everything to AAs and need to keep disposables for hurricane season (no power for weeks) These are just right.
Good amount of battery for the price.But they are not as long lasting as Duracell
Basic AA batteries for a good price.
"Easy decision, the amazon basics line of products has always worked well for me, and amazon customer service on their stuff is amazing if you need it.There is little difference in Alkaline batteries. (Costco hits top rank in consumer reports, but I have not seen their amazon battery rating.)But ordering from amazon is so easy, and the quality is good"
Great batteries at a great value.
"The box is actually quite nice for storage. It is flat, and easy to open."
"What we expected, a bargain battery, so we are happy."
"Using my el cheapo multimeter (Fluke was at work) all batteries were well within the my device's tolerance for reading resting voltage and internal resistance. No duds here, no significant variation. They come wrapped four cells per cellophane heat shrink wrapper in a well constructed box. The wrapping on the batteries is of very high quality, much better than other name brands, let alone budget batteries I've bought. While I cannot yet comment on lifespan, I expect them to last a long time in the low drain LED lights I am using them for. For anything but AAA and CR123, I'd highly recommend buying rechargeable units and a quality charger, but for the price, I will be purchasing these AmazonBasics AAAs for as long as they are available."
A nice bunch of batteries that work exactly as supposed to. Basics indeed!!
Are batteries. Do work. Yay.
"Basic, alkaline battery, highly rate by CU"
Nice cheap batteries. A lot of them for the price . Will buy again in like 2 years lol
About what I expected. Good quality and is as described.
are batteries
As expected
"Batteries, they work."
"cheap batteries, not much to report"
Does the job
Excellent batteries they are very useful in our home. Thanks Amazon
Good value.
great
Great deal and last as long as the major brands
great price
Great price.
great value. I will purchase again.
"I decide to give it a try. And it is too early to decide how it turns out. But so far, look good."
"Just batteries. Nothing was wrong - it's nice to have so many batteries at home for this price, that's it."
"Like all of Amazon's products, these work well."
Lots of energy !!
Love these batteries. Not only do I not have to go to the store for batteries but they seem to last longer then most of the batteries I have bought in the store. We use alot of batteries between my boys and their toys but also for cordless mics since my husband is a DJ. The big test that won me over was when you do toasts at weddings and announcements. We are able to use a set of batteries for more then one wedding
"Love these, I go through the batteries so nice to get more for my money."
Nice flat packaging. They work for a long time.
Pretty sure these batteries are way better the name brand batteries! Don't get sacked into name brand when you can get just the same from the amazon store a
Standard batteries. Comes in a nice little box.
Such a great value!!!
The product came on time and as described. I am glad I bought this! I always research before I buy and this was a good deal.
"They are batteries, what can I say. Bought as gifts to go along with the candles."
They are batteries... They do last a while though in the R/C toys we got for x-mas. I would buy these again over more expensive name brands.
They make things work!
They work well
They're batteries. They work. Simple as that.
